if the time complexity of 2T(n-1)+1
2 raised to n then what will be
the time complexity of three T minus one plus one
It's three raised to n right? Yes, 3 raised to n
is the right answer
Similarly if it is 4T(n-1) + 1
then the answer is 4 raised to n
It's that simple. Now what if we have some other
time value in the second part like 2T(n-1) + n
as we have discussed already
to solve this we just need to multiply
The second part value with the result of
2T(n-1) and 2T(n-1)
is the time complexity 2^n so
multiplying n with 2^n and the answer
is n*2^n
That's it.
So in general if the recurrence relation is
T(n) equal to kT(n-1) + x
then the answer is O(k^n * x)
Now one question, will the same rule will apply for
2T(n/2) + 1
No it won't. because T(n/2) is
the recurrence relation of dividing function and
T(n-1) is the recurrence relation of  decreasing function. Hence this
formula won't work for a recurrence relation of dividing functions
Let us learned more about that recurrence relation of dividing
functions in the coming videos.